Welcome – boas-vindas – Bienvenue – Bienvenido – Willkommen – Tervetuloa – Добро пожаловать – 欢迎 to Ocean Hill Hotel – Stay Your Way! जेसमिंन होटल मे आपका स्वागत है| Ocean Hill Hotel, Betalbatim, South Goa, is the quintessential village resort, showcasing the best of what Goa has to offer to our guests. All the elements of a simple life, yet the distinct touch of thoughtful luxury, are all packaged into an affordable holiday here. Featuring 55 rooms with our 31 room new block of large rooms (‘Superior / Premier’) with a “Dirty Chic” look, with all the modern five star comforts, 18 ‘Deluxe’ rooms with renovated interiors, 2x one bedroom suites, 4x 2 bedroom suites, all these large and spacious dwellings offer you modern comforts, in a rustic local surrounding. Melati RestoBar, our newly renamed, renovated, totally revamped all day dining, bar and restaurant, overlooks one of our two pools and gardens at Ocean Hill. Melati serves local and international favourites throughout the year with Chef’s specials in high season. We also cater to your business and conference needs with two perfectly sized Conference Halls. We can ensure you breakaway corporate off-site sessions, receptions and launch events in ever green Goa, will meet their objectives handsomely. Our large green lawns will cater to all social events in the greenest surroundings. Ocean Hill is all about delight. A good night’s sleep, great shower, delicious food, heady cocktails, quaint pools, lush green gardens set in quiet and serene settings yet not far from the crowds and beaches if you feel like discovering Goa. Lose and find yourself again at Ocean Hill Hotel – Stay Your Way! Please do “Like” and follow us on Facebook for regular updates, promotions, features, all year round! We are proud to be a TripAdvisor “Hall of Fame” 2019 recipient, a recognition of 5 consecutive years of winning the TripAdvisor “Certificate of Excellence” from 2015 to 2019. We have won our 6th Certificate of Excellence in a row from TripAdvisor! It is you, our dear guests, that have given us this honour that we strive hard to uphold daily and to win your recognition for years to come. BOOK DIRECT with us from our website and get the best rates always. Again, Only Online, Only at www.oceanhill.in.* Ocean Hill Hotel Stay Your Way® **conditions apply